# Fourth Meeting
## 7th March 2025 - Carnelley Dâ€™Arcy Thompson Museum 15:00
### Chair: Athina
### Secretary: Mathew

### Agenda

1. Welcome
Chair welcomes everyone to the meeting 

2. Minutes of previous meeting - matters arising
* Has everyone edited their FASTA links on the README to go to the FASTA sequences in the 'sequences' folder instead of NCBI website?
* Has everyone done their FASTA alignments and uploaded them to the 'sequences' folder of the repository?
* Aligning sequences in Jalview and running restrict on sequences. How did this go?

3. Progress check
* Louis and Mathew to upload alignments to 'sequences' folder
* Beth's presentation postponed

4. Discuss tasks for the coming week
* Dr Martin demonstrates how to use SnapGene and how to use primer3 on benchling (recording available for those absent)

5. Any other business.
* Updated calendar to refelct Beth's new presntation date and also took Beth off secretary duty for one day and replaced with Athina because Beth covered for Athina last week

### Attendees
Dr Martin, Athina, Mathew

#### Apologies
